where do I believe evil came
from exploration
I don't know that's a really
hard question evil comes from
humans and selfishness evil
comes from fear and I need lida
i'll come below the line
organization was done in most
cases structure giggles crowd to
pull the deal from the best idea
and look at the update /
mostly comes from fear freedom
to practice squad one-percenters
enter consumer some circles
issues that arise the mouth
cause Collins balance from
cirno's property forfeiture
methanol
nice to be back
and your search is sad that
Mommy know about making a young
considered a little bit my hand
at the animal attempt occasion
which are you are now x and
cheer up kill the supreme
intellect and evil comes from
within ourselves and also money
especially greed
I think evil is an idea sing me
before area
Paul cheney said on w we had
data then came in there again
this was something you had ideas
somebody's been America's
political part might be slightly
the something I mean I don't
know where evil come from i
suppose it's a good comes from i
believe that there's opposition
in all things so I believe that
when God created good evil was
also a part of that equal split
on that all is well nothing is
too
mine's animistic tivo
examination
II cool any mobs i started back
in the day when the devil felt
that he was gonna take over
heaven is sooo dope odious
attached fallen woman for us to
do is push away and then he will
begin to develop on earth who
are 40 of the Iowa students
collected capitana bonito
resolved very happy mouth will
stay here with me right
it's aight on your hair yeah
there's a lot i or are you
better believe that the
television adaptation to give a
speech mouth my lil hombre this
whoever is molecule conocimiento
I said but the bowl of mashed
potatoes a second opinion
you keep the Iraqis student
helper commander little
skeptical people like people
comes from misunderstanding and
chaos and entropy which are
things that are rooted in the
universe itself anything evil
exists and I think the reason is
pure evil and open-air just
emotional cause Lauren is
transmitting we got to go to the
captain and Elizabeth had
improved on the stuff that I
Miguel Contador welcome down
I don't know if I believe that
people are inherently evil or
parties but
we watched those little pizzas
to create the gospel